# Terms of Use

You are free to use and redistribute FormosanBank materials subject to the following restrictions:

---

## No Commercial AI Use

The corpora of FormosanBank, or any derivative works thereof, may not be used, in whole or in part, for the development, training, testing, or deployment of artificial intelligence systems, algorithms, or models intended for commercial purposes. This includes, but not limited to, technologies designed to generate text for commercial purposes or capable of creating works in the same style or genre as the corpus.

---

## Source Materials

Most of the corpora are derived from a previously-published source. To use them, you may need to cite the source material. Required citations on listed on the page for each corpus in the manual and also in the root of each XML file. If there is no required citation listed, this means it is sufficient to cite FormosanBank itself, as described below. Where the source material is public domain, you are not legally required to cite the source but you should as common courtesy.

Note that for many of the corpora, the license includes additional restrictions such as allowing only non-commercial use. The license for the source material is described on the corpus page in the manual for each corpus, as well as in the root of every XML file.

In addition to the above, you are required to cite FormosanBank itself.  For code packages, you may refer to [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/FormosanBank/FormosanBank/tree/main). For academic publications, you should cite **Mohamed, W., Le Ferrand, É., Sung, L.-M., Prud'hommeaux, E., & Hartshorne, J. K. (2024). FormosanBank. Electronic Resource.**

---

## Annotations and Metadata

FormosanBank annotations and metadata are [CC-BY-4.0](https://interoperable-europe.ec.europa.eu/licence/creative-commons-attribution-40-international-cc-40). This means you must cite the source in any redistributed or derived products. For code packages, you may refer to [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/FormosanBank/FormosanBank/tree/main). For academic publications, you should cite **Mohamed, W., Le Ferrand, É., Sung, L.-M., Prud'hommeaux, E., & Hartshorne, J. K. (2024). FormosanBank. Electronic Resource**.