# Contributing to FormosanBank

## What must you do?

You must agree for your data to be published with the open-source license **CC-BY-NC** ([English](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/deed.en) | [Chinese](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/4.0/deed.zh-hant)). If you prefer a different open-source license, please discuss with us.

---

## What can people do with your data?

Anyone can use data in FormosanBank for any purpose, with the following restrictions:

- Nobody can sell your data.
- Nobody can sell artificial intelligence trained using your data.
- Anyone who uses your data must acknowledge your work.

As long as they follow those rules, anyone may use your data for:

- Scientific research
- Cultural products
- Creating artificial intelligence
- Any other purpose

Some authors wish to allow for commercial uses. If you wish to allow commercial uses, please discuss with us.

---

## What rights do you keep?

- You remain the author and owner of your data.
- FormosanBank will acknowledge you as the author and owner of your data.
- Anyone who uses your data must acknowledge you as the author and owner of the data.
- You remain the only person who can sell your data.

---

## What is the process? How does this work?

1. We discuss your data with you, along with any constraints you have. These may include:
   - We can help anonymize some part of the data.
   - We can wait to publish the data until after a specific date.
   - We can help look for and fix mistakes in the data.
2. You decide how you want your work to be acknowledged. Should users link to your website? Should they cite a paper of yours?
3. You send us the data.
4. We convert the data into FormosanBank format.
5. We carefully check the data to make sure there are no errors. If you wish, you can also review the data.
6. We publish the data as part of FormosanBank.

---

This ensures your data is shared with the world in a way that aligns with your wishes and protects your rights.